[ASM] Rename the exclusion filters to passlist (#16859)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/application_security/threats/setup_and_configure.md

Many critical attacks are performed by authenticated users who can access your most sensitive endpoints. To identify bad actors that are generating suspicious security activity, add user information to traces by instrumenting your services with the standardized user tags. You can add custom tags to your root span, or use instrumentation functions. Read [Tracking User Activity][1] for more information.

## Exclude specific parameters from triggering detections

There may be a time when an ASM signal, or a suspicious request, is a false positive. For example, ASM repeatedly detects
the same suspicious request and a signal is generated, but the signal has been reviewed and is not a threat.

> You can add an entry to the passlist, which ignore events from a rule, to eliminate these noisy signal patterns and focus on legitimate suspicious requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add an entry to the passlist, which ignore events from a rule, to eliminate noisy signal patterns and focus on legitimately suspicious requests.
```
